[Music]
September
Well, nothing,
well we'll be keeping an eye on what happens
of course. Today
there's some news to make you laugh Marina
that also swims all night in
fact because this is related to
a little thing that we're going to comment on
next
[Laughter]
this is getting good
first of all this wallpaper that he
put on his Twitter profile because
this wallpaper Well because it
identifies with flowers or with
children What is the reason but well this
man every time some news comes out
that he doesn't like you see that people will go to
ask him for explanations or more information
or whatever or the Pink Tide to ask him
Hey do you have more information about this This
is true this is a lie and the guy goes
and locks his account what
happened Marina well what
happened is that it's something that was expected
that was going to happen logically because she was already
charged I don't know if charged the
word from today still forgive me if
I'm wrong okay but man the
process against her was open and all that was missing was
the order that set the date for the trial
June 14th in the criminal court of Madrid
that  I don't remember the name of the street
but it's close to Calle Alcalá
Marina how is it close to you?
Yes,
on Calle Alcalá in a hotel
called Hotel Alcalá, indeed.
But what are you talking about?
Rocío Carrasco's trial for non-payment of
child support to her son David, on the 14th, on the 14th,
well, these days, two, three days
after José's Congress, from the
Congress that I'm going to, of course, so divine,
divine, the divine is coming for us,
what a better man that day we're going to be there,
of course, yes, I'm
going almost 90% to tell you, since I'm going
because I spoke with my sister,
you know, and this, the congress is on Saturday
and Sunday, no, this is, I can't go all
day, but I'll go for a while, one of the two
days I'll go for a while, but of course, and so you're
talking to me about the 14th, we're talking about
Wednesday, it would be to stay there for
four more days, well, we would have to
stay until Thursday,
in June,
the kids might be on vacation, in June,
the kids might be on vacation by this time, eh,
take them to a camp, to a camp,
no, but I  I mean no no if it's
vacation time it's better for me to be able to
go because damn I'm going there with the
microphone that I threw in the other day the
microphone in the end I haven't tried it out you try it
out on Marta del Castillo's day
with the master of telesalseo the one I
have is the one I have the microphone But
well it's what I have it's what I am it's what we are it's what I am I have to
buy a wireless one too better
but well yes you send me the wireless one so I can
go to events and things and party as hard as
possible
Yeah well yes Well yes yes I don't know yes I'll
see it Well
nothing the trial is presented for the
non-payment of alimony it's that I don't know
based on what arguments being that they want to
put me in all the positions I don't know
based on what arguments
this person could be absorbed
Rocío man let's see if there's no here
man I tell you
well it's clear that no but yes it's
clear that no unless she does Well
if she declares herself insolvent because in her
because she's not the one let's see by power I can
think of a thousand options no
sorry no Sorry
that then the fact that she
declares bankruptcy, that would be a
separate story and in fact it would be a
problem because everyone knows that
she works in television. So I don't think
she'll go around in that direction, but she doesn't have to
bill it herself,
but she would get into trouble, man, because I
don't think she'll do that, eh, I mean, if she
did that,
the bells of hypocrisy would ring
if she did that, I don't think so, I don't think so, it would
n't be the first time I've
seen something like that. Let's see, they're
asking for a year in prison,
but she's not going to get in, let's say she wouldn't get in even
if she got the year, but in any
case, that's what the
prosecutor's office is asking for. I mean, I understand why
the prosecutor's office is asking for a year and if she is
convicted, I think that maybe they
would sentence her to three months or six months. I do
n't know if that's it, I don't know how it's resolved, I do
n't know if that's a criminal record or
money or whatever, but man, let's see, it's an
ugly headline
and then whatever comes next, if they pay or they
pay whatever, but in itself, the
headline, imagine not after  make
a series
manipulating the maximum now that
suddenly two years later we have a
headline Rocío Carrasco Yes but the
headline will be right the world and
two more because readings will not have it
reading please
Wait a second you know that I
stretch suddenly I start to come up with ideas I hope
one second I think he has me
blocked
my goodness with the blocks How bad they are
guys one second eh one second you already
know it's me here I bring
fresh things that I don't disappear here you keep
talking let's see They just confirmed it to me
But how no no no I speak out loud for
a second
But what happened
but he's fighting wait wait wait you
're scaring me
no no no
no
but it's on the subject
but well
but it's scaring me it's very today let's
see what Luis Pliego did it's not wallpaper
it's the painting The Almond Trees of
Bangkok
that painting was given by Van Gogh to his
brother for the birth of his son
it's in the Amsterdam Museum well it
looks like wallpaper from today
but I
'm joking we're joking honey
if you give him a ticket he would end up with a
criminal record  penalties
marine
fifth call
hey sorry I'm going to put do not disturb
but I know they start calling you or is it
something that
I think some fuchsia that some
fuchsia has my number
some girl wait
You think some fuchsia has your
number and is harassing you yes
and the list
well few people come to mind
Well I don't know but it's that every time I
'm here always when I'm on
TV always how are you Paz Oh and this was going to come
out on Wednesday in readings So we
broke it for them
[Music]